we are starting from card arrives immediately
goodbye andropov flowers reply more
A little yes I am here I am communicating yours
current position something has happened
considerable
no nothing at all
soon we will reach zola and above
I want to have a chat with Zola
his tea will then go to the task of
entertain others while the bars
we eliminate it once and for all
I have not yet decided what to do with
those kids what are they waiting for
discovered some secrets that still don't
I know before I get rid of them
I want to question them. I can ask you one
general question but certainly his plan
of attack this time also includes the
victory
relax sneijder I don't have any
intend to lose my men
sir
you have also heard who will be
the general still praises him
what do we guys do with those
I do not trust
[Music]
last
good is defeated nene I can know
what are your intentions now I should
be me asking you this question not
you find I know you are trying to put
an army together
I just want to restore order and to
doing it I need the power of home e
let research go and join the
power of your shadow that of my
I conjure up shadows do not restore
order with funds your role with
that of a master knight what
they came to do here anyway they seem
much stronger than us
we just have to run away you will not succeed
to escape
but be careful not to let them get closer to the
general for no reason
yes I know
ok well true i think yes no wait
and keep mis trend a little touches then
mutu is not the time we are in danger
[Music]
right, it's not the right time to be
cuddle my loved ones and I assure you that
we are only at the beginning
where the show is not right there are
by shooting the bales we try to find a way
to face them they have not yet seen
the best before long they'll realize
than just this powerful
damn you always wanted to make of
your head
even when you were a little girl but if not
I would like to join you, you won't go away alive
from this place
enough area now I'm losing the
patience
I know you hide something from me tell me
what are the projects he has together with
your friends summoners see that you continue to
challenge me with your eyes will not change
never
gentleman logos a new one is present
general recruit who already has it
enter in trani
but that is
I remember one thing of theirs this time
personally risking that girl
she is not a recruit like any other
disappoint me you have to treat it with care with
care cooking yes sir
this unit is controlled by lord nenè in
person we are a team ready to
enter the battle and destroy the
enemy at any time
I realize, sir, let's leave by
military issues for a
second
you and your father disappeared without it
notice
I have been very worried about you
we left for a long journey to
where we went to look for the truth
can true power
you want to explain yourself better what you mean
for real power it is an answer that
will have to find alone
what hides I know you never have
trusted me not even that time
you never wanted to tell me anything about
yourself and your family to rejected
my friendship you never accepted me
because this scar removes me it reminds me
always how ruthless you are
I order to immediately suffocate the
remission rebellion remedy sir
the monarchy turned against the lord
nenè it's up to us to dismantle them
forces we can not tolerate the
betrayal
immediately send the air unit there
we will move only after the attack from above
the land area units await what
you're doing
just talk I'm going to crush the
rebel forces
no stop you're crazy
[Applause]
look it is ours but that is
a shadow from all the waiting troops
here my return mahjoub urgent
still of the canon
[Music]
no